hello-intuition.c:1:28: proto/exec.h: No such file or directory
hello-intuition.c:2:32: exec/libraries.h: No such file or directory
hello-intuition.c:3:26: dos/dos.h: No such file or directory
hello-intuition.c:4:33: proto/intuition.h: No such file or directory
hello-intuition.c:5:38: intuition/intuition.h: No such file or directory
hello-intuition.c: In function `main':
hello-intuition.c:12: error: variable `es' has initializer but incomplete type
hello-intuition.c:12: error: invalid application of `sizeof' to incomplete type `EasyStruct' 
hello-intuition.c:12: warning: excess elements in struct initializer
hello-intuition.c:12: warning: (near initialization for `es')
hello-intuition.c:12: warning: excess elements in struct initializer
hello-intuition.c:12: warning: (near initialization for `es')
hello-intuition.c:12: warning: excess elements in struct initializer
hello-intuition.c:12: warning: (near initialization for `es')
hello-intuition.c:12: warning: excess elements in struct initializer
hello-intuition.c:12: warning: (near initialization for `es')
hello-intuition.c:12: warning: excess elements in struct initializer
hello-intuition.c:12: warning: (near initialization for `es')
hello-intuition.c:12: error: storage size of 'es' isn't known
hello-intuition.c:16: error: `RETURN_FAIL' undeclared (first use in this function)
hello-intuition.c:16: error: (Each undeclared identifier is reported only once
hello-intuition.c:16: error: for each function it appears in.)
hello-intuition.c:18: error: `NULL' undeclared (first use in this function)
hello-intuition.c:21: error: `RETURN_OK' undeclared (first use in this function)
